---
title: 5 months ago
author: admin
layout: post
categories:
  - family
  - Loss
comments: true
---
Dear Kids,

5 months ago&#8230; we would have been counting down the days, and getting ready to welcome your new little sister into this world. Sadly though, it was not meant to be. At 18 weeks pregnant I went into the doctor for a checkup, near the end of September&#8230;no heartbeat.

I was frozen. How could this happen to us, for a second time? How could this happen at the same point with the last baby, and now this one?! The sadness your Dad and I had was unmeasurable. The questions we knew we would never get answers to were countless.

This time around, we knew the drill. The specialist we had to see, the surgery I had to have, questions we would be asked. There I was again&#8230;seeing the same doctor, waiting in the exact same pre-surgery room. I managed to keep it all together through all the questions, and talking to all the doctors. Was awful to say, &#8220;Yes, I know. I&#8217;ve been down this road before&#8221;, and seeing the sadness the nurses and doctors felt for us. But it saved us from questions, and discussions I didn&#8217;t want to have that day.

As I was getting prepped from surgery, your Dad had dozed off for a minute in the room with me, and the sweetest little old lady walked in. The chaplain at the hospital. She asked if she could pray with me. I held her hands, we bowed our heads, and I lost it. It meant so much to me. Whatever God&#8217;s plan is for me, your father, our family, losing this baby was part of it. As much as it hurt, I knew there was a reason.

Saying goodbye to your Dad again as I got wheeled back to surgery was&#8230;well, is the worst. I cried all the way back to surgery&#8230;up until the anesthesiologist hit my IV with something wonderful. I started counting backwards from 10, and next thing I know I was in recovery.

The doctor said the surgery, and my recovery, all went great. All the testing they did came back with no answers. I was bound and determine to find an answer though. I saw my general doctor and had a full work up on everything from my heart, through any auto-immune diseases. Nothing. Saw a OB specialist, more testing&#8230;nothing. All we wanted was answers to why we lost 2 babies, both at the same time in the pregnancy. But, there was no answers to be had. My tests all came back normal.

Our only comfort to be had was knowing that God had a plan for us. A reason why this baby was not meant to enter our life at that time. Throughout it all I met a lot of doctors, nurses, people at the hospital. I had to make a follow up appointment with my surgeon, and the nurse in his office remembered me immediately. We chatted briefly, and I knew that my story impacted her, and changed how she treated other women going through the same thing. Getting a glimpse into the bigger picture like that, knowing the number of women going through a miscarriage, who could be changed by her because of me&#8230;seeing proof there is a larger picture for us then we can imagine, was comforting.

A couple weeks later we went to the Remembered Children&#8217;s Memorial, that Beaumont Hospital sponsors. A day to remember both babies we lost. It was difficult beyond words. But something we had to do. Remember and pay respect to our lil ones now in heaven. At a point in the ceremony the parents pin a leaf on the tree of remembrance for each baby lost. I gave your Dad the leaf for the second baby. He is so strong, but I know it impacted him more then he let on. I thought it was important for him to pin that leaf on the tree. I did the first baby&#8217;s leaf, since your Dad did it last year.

After some prayer, and a candle lighting, all the parents went outside for a balloon launch. I wrote one note to both babies, tied the two balloons together&#8230;I know where they are now, they are together, surrounded with more love then we can imagine on this Earth. It was a windy day, and many ballons got stuck in nearby trees. The babies&#8217;  ballons somehow blew right through an opening in the trees, sailed all the way up and faded away. It was amazing, like someone was guiding them.

Both babies live in our hearts everyday. We openly talk about them, and every time I get sad I tell you both that I&#8217;m sad about the babies and I get the biggest hugs in the world! It makes it all better. I feel so blessed to have such amazing children! As terrible as losing the babies was, it has put a perspective on life that I never would have gotten to without that happening. I have faith in God. I believe those points of pain in my life serve a larger purpose, and that countless women will be changed by what I have been through.

Love &#8211; Mom
